£ VSM # @"Virtual-Soul-Mate"@ (Artificially Intelligent Conscious Virtual Entity)
A virtual entity that shadows an individuals activity embedding integrated enumerated intelligent learning patterns to create effective analytical  re-evolving structured thought processes to formulate tailored made productive solutions no matter the variables. 
Interactive control using existing installed apps with multi emulative intelligence enabling and assimilating, integrating, or relying on any of the features the user allready  has extablished. VSM brings all other devices, apps, and features to the user in a uniquely tailored fashion not only for convenience but also formulates it's own data-log intuitively opening a mathmatically engineered path to modulate and guide more productive, healthy, and creative user alligned solution. An artificially intelligent virtual persona uniquely intuitive to user behavior to encourage success and develop user patterns pathologically unlocking potential and piviting effort towards their predicted success.  
The personal assistant and shadow  with a wholistic approach makes life easier syncing and simplifying all activity for the user while learning how to best deliver assistive support using persona analysis gathered from an individual to calculate the pathalogical development of personal potential, success and fulfillment.

The main interface of VSM (Virtual-Soul-Mate) app should be capable of operating in any trending software environment emulatively, initially with network bridge and interoptability process to analyse network structures, structuring a passive intuitive network upgrading security solution. 
Naturally an app like this needs to be as secure and private as your real soul-mate. As server base cloud provision is something that I cannot currently provide, and encrypted cloud storage is considere (although envisioned for the future), VSM should allocate a small amount of space from the users permissions own cloud servers such as those on Google and Microsoft accounts, storing an allocated amount of each file once encrypted and compressed.       
More envisioned attributes to come...
